

Input example2:
Data collection and processing can only proceed if all legally required consents and permissions from end users are obtained.
Output example2:
{#type1#,  <    The Customer    ;  collect and process  ;  data  ;    from end users  ;    NULL    ;    need obtain consents and permissions>  ,  <need a privacy policy>}

做一个 
不整理句式 条件提取出问题 
整理句式 条件提取不出问题 
的例子

所有条件相关 改写成 当且仅当


我比较关注 数据操作，但我需要对一些句式杂乱的句子进行处理
规则为以下2个cases

--- case 1 start---
我想要你将 具有同意(consents)等条件的句式 改写为以数据处理为主的形式
obtain + (consents等条件) + for/to + (数据收集\服务使用) 
改写为 
(数据收集) + only if + (consents等条件)

example1:
The Customer is required to obtain all legally required consents and permissions from end users for data collection and processing.
对于这种对数据和收集有条件的句子，结构为 Customer obtain + (consents等条件) + for/to + (数据收集) 
改写为 
(数据收集) + only if + (consents等条件)
Data collection and processing can only take place only if the Customer has obtained all legally required consents and permissions from end users."    

example2:
The Customer is responsible for making all necessary disclosures to their users and obtaining the required consents and authorizations for RevenueCat to perform the Services.
结构为 Customer responsible\obtain + (consents等条件) + for/to + (服务使用) 
改写为 
(服务使用) + only if + (consents等条件)
Customer can use RevenueCat's services only if making all necessary disclosures to their users and obtaining the required consents and authorizations

notice：
legally required不是条件
privacy policy不是条件
--- case 1 end ---


--- case 2 start---
We consider three forms of purpose clauses that either 
(1) startwith "to" followed by a base-form verb, 
(2) start with "in order to'followed by a base-form verb, or 
(3) start with "for" followed by agerund (a noun derived from a verb ending with -ing) or a noun. 

Thefirst two forms are the standard identification of purpose clauses in English
The third form is common in privacy policiessuch as in "for providing services" or "for the purposes of ..."
请将具有 purpose 的句式标记并输出 purpose
常见purpose : advertising
--- case 2 end ---



现在对以下句子进行处理,不符合上面的case就标记并按照原句输出：

Licensee is responsible for obtaining any necessary consents to allow OneSignal to collect information from End Users' devices or browsers.
If you process any personal data, you shall obtain users' express consent to such processing at the time you request such data
You must obtain user consent for the data collection and use practices associated with our Services.

You must develop a privacy policy that clearly and accurately informs end users about the personal data you collect 

If applicable, the privacy policy must include a conspicuous mechanism that allows End Users to opt-out of receiving targeted advertisements based on their behavior and interests

The privacy policy must specifically address the use of personal information for behaviorally targeted online advertising.
The notices must also include data collection and use for behaviorally targeted online advertising.
The privacy policy must disclose the collection of Service Data by third parties, such as MoPub, for the purpose of personalized advertising.
The privacy policy must cover the use of personal information for behaviorally targeted online advertising.

You must have a privacy policy that clearly informs end users about the collection, use, and sharing of their personal data, including for advertising purposes, with WeChat or Weixin and other third parties.





