We consider three forms of purpose clauses that either 
(1) startwith "to" followed by a base-form verb, 
(2) start with "in order to'followed by a base-form verb, or 
(3) start with "for" followed by agerund (a noun derived from a verb ending with -ing) or a noun. 

Thefirst two forms are the standard identification of purpose clauses in English
The third form is common in privacy policiessuch as in "for providing services" or "for the purposes of ..."

purpose(advertising)
The notices must also include data collection and use for behaviorally targeted online advertising.
The privacy policy must disclose the collection of Service Data by third parties, such as MoPub, for the purpose of personalized advertising.
The privacy policy must cover the use of personal information for behaviorally targeted online advertising.
Description: You must have a privacy policy that clearly informs end users about the collection, use, and sharing of their personal data, including for advertising purposes, with WeChat or Weixin and other third parties.



Condition(consent) 改句子
Licensee is responsible for obtaining any necessary consents to allow OneSignal to collect information from End Users' devices or browsers.
The Customer is responsible for making all necessary disclosures to their users and obtaining the required consents and authorizations for RevenueCat to perform the Services.
If you process any personal data, you shall obtain users' express consent to such processing at the time you request such data
You must obtain user consent for the data collection and use practices associated with our Services.


长难句
Your privacy policy must  provide notice of your use of a tracking pixel, agent or any other visitor identification technology that（that后面修饰 technology,重点是technology） collects, uses, shares and stores data about end users of your Application


TYPE2

TYPE3
include an opt-out link directing users to an industry-recognized opt-out from online behavioral advertising and provide California users the ability to opt-out from the sale of their personal information to third parties. (TYPE3-Q2 需要提供opt-out指导)

if applicable, explains how End-Users can opt out of the Offerings.如果适用，解释最终用户如何选择退出产品。 Type3-Q1